We added quite some logic
but managing the state is complex, so it's no wonder that this is also a bit more complex code with a
lot of promises and checks and conditions
but we're coming along, we're making good progress and always keep in mind, we only make it into this
complex block here
if we got no token in our redux state, that however should be the case the majority of the time in our
app.
Now one other thing I want to do however is I want to clean up my aysnc storage
if we fail,
so essentially if we have no token or if we have no valid token because it expired, essentially whenever
this runs, this catch block here becomes active, then I want to clean up.
However this catch block would be the wrong position because we use dispatch auth get token a couple of
times in our app,
so a better place should be here, that we use the promise right before returning it and add a catch block
and then we add some cleanup functionality, auth clear storage maybe and there, I simply want to execute
two methods,
async storage remove item, ap auth token and do the same for ap auth expiry date
so that we clean that up.
Not strictly required,
it doesn't take up that much space but I guess it makes sense,
so auth clear storage, I will simply dispatch this here, if we got some kind of error, I'll dispatch auth clear
storage, this function here however I should therefore also return dispatch and execute the function like this
even though I don't dispatch anything here, it's really just a helper function.
We could turn it into such a function
we just called there, either way is ok.
So now with that, we get a clear storage functionality too.
One other thing we should work on in the next lecture is that
we do now recognize when the token expires
but wouldn't it be great if we could prolong the expiry time?
Now I said we can't change this, it's always one hour but actually firebase gives us one additional
piece we can use to refresh this token when it is about to expire.
Now let's dive into that in the next lecture.